# SpiderProjectService Class


\[Missing &lt;summary&gt; documentation for "T:spider.Services.SpiderProjectService"\]



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="c6df77e0-28de-d4ed-9b46-1241a40828db">spider.Services</a>  
**Assembly:** spider (in spider.exe) Version: 1.0.0+c7d0df4be2214e146cfb2d406db1cb7a57dc276b

**C#**
``` C#
public class SpiderProjectService : ISpiderProjectService
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  SpiderProjectService</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="3bbaf1f1-eb83-5d9a-4724-94a7825b039d">ISpiderProjectService</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e0d95a2-c260-6fe6-a7dc-1fca7c41aa3a">SpiderProjectService</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the SpiderProjectService class</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="418fb474-cf1e-5b80-143a-a6bcfd0224e7">GetByKeyword</a></td>
<td>GetByKeyword takes a keyword, an amount and a start cursor and uses these to find the first amount of projects after the start cursor with the keyword as search phrase. The result includes contributors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4d563da-ddd1-ed05-4c6e-faa7f63bcec3">GetByKeywordSplit</a></td>
<td>GetByKeywordSplit splits the search space into smaller chunks and then calls GetByKeyword on each chunk.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="408f7065-c3e4-1196-ee5a-a83eee5fe4ff">GetByName</a></td>
<td>GetByName gets a repository based on it's name and ownerName. The result includes contributors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a04e382-638e-6ac1-3f87-309e606dd86b">GetByNames</a></td>
<td>GetByNames gets repositories by their name and ownerNames. The result includes contributors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f15643c2-4c7a-b89e-30bf-692c4ab2da70">GetByTopic</a></td>
<td>GetByTopic takes the name of a topic, an amount and a start cursor and uses those to get the first amount of repositories with the topic, after the start cursor. The result includes contributors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d696d81-03e9-4a71-dcde-7f1db6a9eacc">GetContributorsByName</a></td>
<td>Get ContributorsByName gets the contributors of a repository based on the repositories name and ownerName</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="c6df77e0-28de-d4ed-9b46-1241a40828db">spider.Services Namespace</a>  
