# GitHubGraphqlService Class


\[Missing &lt;summary&gt; documentation for "T:spider.Services.GitHubGraphqlService"\]



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="c6df77e0-28de-d4ed-9b46-1241a40828db">spider.Services</a>  
**Assembly:** spider (in spider.exe) Version: 1.0.0+c7d0df4be2214e146cfb2d406db1cb7a57dc276b

**C#**
``` C#
public class GitHubGraphqlService : IGitHubGraphqlService
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  GitHubGraphqlService</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="49f43a60-85f7-cd01-153e-ca0b9cad4a78">IGitHubGraphqlService</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="be371069-7d71-a46f-222f-5902e10d5038">GitHubGraphqlService</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the GitHubGraphqlService class</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c90b22fa-be66-989b-58e0-876e234ab9d4">GetByNames</a></td>
<td>ToQueryString converts ProjectRequestDtos into a format that can be inserted into a graphql search query and sends the query using QueryRepositoriesByName</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a56dae8-f2e1-4afd-53ec-d23ecd3aeba3">GetRepoCount</a></td>
<td>This method gets the amount of repositories that match the keyword with the included filters</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5fd1d969-41c3-81f6-97c0-9a74cd9b3db9">QueryRepositoriesByName</a></td>
<td>QueryRepositoriesByName sends a graphql request to the github api and returns on success and otherwise handles the error and retries if necessary.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="033c501d-e593-9e54-e83c-ec7307c023cd">QueryRepositoriesByNameHelper</a></td>
<td>QueryRepositoriesByNameHelper splits the incoming request into smaller parts</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a534f8e4-f512-ae85-f4da-931181632ce0">QueryRepositoriesByTopic</a></td>
<td>QueryRepositoriesByTopic sends a graphql request to the github api and returns on success and otherwise handles the error and retries if necessary.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d5181ef-1a37-266c-2d1f-886b71853b14">QueryRepositoriesByTopicHelper</a></td>
<td>QueryRepositoriesByTopicHelper splits the incoming request into smaller parts</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9d3ed56-8215-42d5-7b7c-3aaa3b22b320">QueryRepositoryByName</a></td>
<td>QueryRepositoryByName sends a graphql request to the github api and returns a repository on success. Does not handle errors yet</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="c6df77e0-28de-d4ed-9b46-1241a40828db">spider.Services Namespace</a>  
