# SpiderController Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>ControllerContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ControllerContext.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HttpContext</td>
<td>Gets the HttpContext for the executing action.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MetadataProvider</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IModelMetadataProvider.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ModelBinderFactory</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IModelBinderFactory.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ModelState</td>
<td>Gets the ModelStateDictionary that contains the state of the model and of model-binding validation.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ObjectValidator</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IObjectModelValidator.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProblemDetailsFactory</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ProblemDetailsFactory.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Request</td>
<td>Gets the HttpRequest for the executing action.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Response</td>
<td>Gets the HttpResponse for the executing action.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RouteData</td>
<td>Gets the RouteData for the executing action.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Url</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IUrlHelper.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>User</td>
<td>Gets the ClaimsPrincipal for user associated with the executing action.<br />(Inherited from ControllerBase)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="393932f4-1d4b-ab60-40af-a0a9e1f1ac78">SpiderController Class</a>  
<a href="9f16cf3d-ca1a-18ca-2f8b-43d73ecc7c0a">spider.Controllers Namespace</a>  
